hey welcome back to zombie tactics I
recently passed a milestone on the
channel and it kind of happened without
me even paying attention to it i wanted
to mention it and at the same time talk
about some things as I think bear
talking about at this time the milestone
is that I reached 1 million total views
on YouTube now let's put that in
perspective oh by the way I also reached
12 thousand subscribers let's put that
in perspective that's a big deal for me
personally it is not a big deal in the
grand scheme of things I used to be in
radio briefly and I can tell you that
the demographics of that or such that it
works out that if I had that kind of
listenership on a radio program I
probably be on the second or third most
popular station in a really small town
the part of the day when hardly
anybody's listening so it's not the kind
of thing that I'm out there going hey
look at be 1 billion views it's just not
how I work and along those lines even
though it's big deal for me and I
realized it's not a big deal in the
grand scheme of things I wanted to talk
about some things based upon email and
personal messages that I sometimes get
especially when I disagree with somebody
on a particular topic regarding
something either one of the gun forms
that I talk on or that I post on and or
some of the videos I do in the comments
that I get on it and i will get comments
like this they will say well oh you
think you're such a big important person
because you're on youtube or oh you
think you're a big deal because you know
you've got a million views or you've got
a thousand people watching you were this
many you know whatever and in a
relationship to that I think of val
kilmer and the movie tombstone and in
that movie he plays the part of Doc
Holliday and there's a point in time in
there and I don't remember the exact
scene but he says to some guy who's
trying to kill him probably Ringo
somebody or other well i'll be a
huckleberry now see i just said it the
way he said it in the movie
and what most people think he says is
I'll be your huckleberry we'll get to
that in a second but in the script
itself and val kilmer himself is born
this out as well in interviews he
doesn't say I'll be your huckleberry he
says I'll be your huckleberry which is
an Old West term a slang term that meant
Undertaker like I'll be the guy that
will bury you you're going to take me on
I'll be the guy that'll bury you I'll be
your huckleberry her but if the way it
comes out when he says it it sounds like
he's saying I'll be your huckleberry and
some people take that term in the way
that it is meant as an old English term
and that term in Old English met all
kinds of different things like I'll be
your champion I'll be your hero I'm the
man for the job and also it kind of
meant in a sense I'm the one you're
looking for so it could work in that way
to kind of like we'll all be the guy
you're lyin the guy you're looking for
you're looking for a fight that kind of
thing but it also meant i'll be your
hero I'm the man for the job I'm the guy
who knows what I'm doing and I don't
ever want to give anybody the impression
on this channel that I think of myself
that way but I think if myself is this
all knowing all powerful all seeing guru
or something but you know you come to me
and i'll tell you the way that it is um
let's put this in perspective I'm a 52
year old guy with three children a wife
a dog too many cats I've got a bad back
I've got arthritis I've got a skin
condition I'm nearsighted and I'm bald I
am not anyone's hero if I have anything
going for me it's that I have some life
experience and I've done some things
that if you find them interesting at all
or you find them worth watching the
channel I am grateful more than anything
else I've done a lot of firearms
training I think that gives me some
perspective on things having to do with
firearms I've been shooting guns for
several decades I think that gives me
some perspective on that I've been a
prepper since I've been about
12 years old maybe that's an interesting
subject for a video sometime so I've got
some perspective on that and just you
know the basis for having an opinion
other than just making up crap off the
top of my head and all that I ever think
i'm doing is maybe making some
interesting commentary and giving you to
waste a little way to waste a little bit
of time in an entertaining fashion where
you can spend 5-10 minutes and watch
some dork on YouTube speaking his mind
if I'm really really lucky I'll end up
teaching somebody and somebody will end
up learning something and that's like if
I'm really really lucky I'll get it
right and that'll happen and I'm really
grateful if that ever happens but I'm
definitely not your huckleberry meaning
i'm not your Undertaker and i'm
definitely not your hero i'm definitely
don't think of myself as somebody who's
puffed up with pride and thinks that
i've done great things and acts of
derring-do and you should all be you
know oh we're not worthy we're not
worthy so I don't ever want to give
anybody that impression and honestly
going forward on the channel that is one
thing i want to get very very straight
if you watch what I do here on this
channel I really am grateful but I'm not
looking to be your hero nor do I think
of myself as your hero or your
unquestionable Authority and expert on
everything that I talked about in that
some peep in that sometimes people get
that a little bit confused maybe because
I speak forcefully or express my
opinions well or just because I'm on
YouTube than they're not I don't know
that's not a big deal sixty dollars for
a video camera and you two can do this
kinds of nonsense but I thought that
needed to be clear going forward on the
channel and so hopefully it is now I am
NOT your huckleberry I am NOT your hero
but let's all have fun with this that's
zombie tactics for tonight and we'll see
you next time bye bye